Now, let's talk about feature selection.
What is feature selection?
Well, we have a number of features and
as it turns out,
we may need some of them and
perhaps not all of them.
So we try to select which
features we actually, need and
eliminate the features that we don't need.
So that gives us a smaller set of
features, which are useful features.
The ones that we have selected.
Feature selection identifies the features
that best represent the relationship
between the features, and
the target that we're trying to predict.
So, it removes features that
don't influence the outcome.
That reduces the size
of the feature space.
So remember, depending on the number
of features in the feature vector,
that defines the size of a space.
Every time we add a feature,
the space increases exponentially.
So we want to try to reduce
the number of features.
That reduces the resource requirements for
processing our data, and
the model complexity as well.
So why is feature selection needed?
Well, we want to reduce storage and
I/O requirements, that's part of it.
Less features means smaller data.
And we want to minimize the training,
and inference costs.
Especially in many cases the inference
costs, because we may be
serving millions of requests with
once we have trained our model, and
each one of those costs
a certain amount to serve.
So, there's different ways
to do feature selection.
First of all, you can do unsupervised
feature selection, meaning you don't have
to or doesn't account really for the
labels, or supervised feature selection.
So, it is going to use
the information in the labels.
So for unsupervised feature
selection it takes the features,
and the target variable
relationship is not considered.
It removes the redundant features which
in unsupervised, really means looking for
correlation.
When you have two features or more than
two features that are highly correlated,
you really only need one of those, and
you're going to select the one that
probably gives you the best result.
For supervised feature selection, it is
going to use the target relationship.
So the relationship between each of
the features, and the target or label.
So it's going to select those features,
that contribute most to
correctly predicting the target.
So let's take a look at
some supervised methods.
We're going to use feature selection,
and there's different methods to do that
filter methods, wrapper methods,
and embedded methods.
For a practical example,
we're going to work with a dataset
from breast cancer diagnostic.
So this is going to be the data set we're
going to use for looking at several
different kinds of feature selection,
but this is going to be our example.
So we're going to try to predict
whether the tumor is benign or
malignant, and that gives you some
notion of how cancer reproduces.
This is our feature list, and
as you can see we've created and
assigned an id for our example.
And we also have an irrelevant
feature that's been added here, so
that we have something there.
This is just an example,
usually it's not quite so
obvious as something named unnamed 32, but
you do often see not a number of values.
So that's often a clue or missing values,
that's often a clue that you
have an irrelevant feature.
And for performance evaluation,
will start as a baseline value.
We're going to use a random
forest classifier,
using sklearn to work with
our selected features.
And we're going to use some metrics for
that.
So that's going to include
the accuracy score,
the AUC score, the precision,
recall, and F1.
So, this is our baseline
here with all 30 features.
It gives us for each of those metrics,
the values that we get for all 30 features